feat: add instructions to deploy the Secure Cloud Function on top of the Terraform Example Foundation v3.0.0 (#37)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-google-cloud-functions: docs/secure-cloud-function-on-foundation-3-0-0.md

     folder_id         = local.folder_id
     policy_for        = local.policy_for
     policy_type       = "list"
     allow             = ["ALLOW_INTERNAL_ONLY"]
     allow_list_length = 1
     constraint        = "constraints/cloudfunctions.allowedIngressSettings"
   }

   module "cloudfunction_vpc_connector_egress_settings" {
     source  = "terraform-google-modules/org-policy/google"
     version = "~> 5.1"

     organization_id   = local.organization_id
     folder_id         = local.folder_id
     policy_for        = local.policy_for
     policy_type       = "list"
     allow             = ["ALL_TRAFFIC"]
     allow_list_length = 1
     constraint        = "constraints/cloudfunctions.allowedVpcConnectorEgressSettings"
   }

   module "cloudrun_allowed_ingress" {
     source  = "terraform-google-modules/org-policy/google"
     version = "~> 5.1"

     organization_id   = local.organization_id
     folder_id         = local.folder_id
     policy_for        = local.policy_for
     policy_type       = "list"
     allow             = ["is:internal-and-cloud-load-balancing"]
     allow_list_length = 1
     constraint        = "constraints/run.allowedIngress"
   }

>    module "cloudrun_allowed_vpc_egress" {

Reviewer: Maybe, these org policies should be applied only at the project level, need to check

Author: policies will be applied at organization level and a note regarding deploying organization policies at folder and project level was added.

### 2-environments: Enable additional APIs and conditionally grant project IAM Admin role to the networks step terraform service account

1. Wait for the `gcp-networks` build from the previous step to finish.
1. Add yhe following API on the `activate_apis` list in `restricted_shared_vpc_host_project` module in file [modules/env_baseline/networking.tf](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/v3.0.0/2-environments/modules/env_baseline/networking.tf#LL68C1-L77C4)

```hcl
activate_apis = [
    "compute.googleapis.com",
    "dns.googleapis.com",
    "servicenetworking.googleapis.com",
    "container.googleapis.com",
    "logging.googleapis.com",
    "cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com",
    "accesscontextmanager.googleapis.com",
    "billingbudgets.googleapis.com",
    "vpcaccess.googleapis.com"
]
```

1. Conditionally grant to the networks step terraform service account the project IAM Admin role in the restricted shared project.
This is necessary for the serverless VPC access configuration.
This role is granted here and not in the bootstrap step to limit the scope of this role effect.

> 1. Update file `gcp-environments/modules/env_baseline/variables.tf` to create a toggle for the deploy of the Secured Data Warehouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update file `gcp-environments/modules/env_baseline/variables.tf` to create a toggle for the deploy of the Secure Serverless Cloud Functions.
```
